Install Fluent Operator (#7568)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/logging.md

### Fluent-bit

The Fluent-bit configurations can be found on `pkg/operation/botanist/component/logging/fluentoperator/customresources`
There are six different specifications:

> * FluentBit: Defines the Fluent-bit statefulset specifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FluentBit: Defines the fluent-bit DaemonSet specifications
```

> * ClusterFluentBitConfig: Defines the labelselectors of the resources which FB will match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ClusterFluentBitConfig: Defines the labelselectors of the resources which fluent-bit will match
```
